docs(cli): document how to disable built-in providers (#8702)
Kilo-Org/kilocode: packages/kilo-docs/pages/ai-providers/index.md

In the **VSCode (Legacy)** version, API keys use VS Code's Secret Storage. In the current **VSCode & CLI** version, keys are set via environment variables or referenced in `kilo.json` config files. See individual provider pages for setup instructions for each platform.
{% /callout %}

## Disabling Built-in Providers

> You can prevent specific providers from loading using `disabled_providers` in your `kilo.json`. This is useful to hide providers from the model picker that you don't intend to use.

Author: ```suggestion
You can prevent specific providers from loading using `disabled_providers` in your `kilo.json`. This is useful to hide models from built-in or detected providers that you don't intend to use.
```

> You can prevent specific providers from loading using `disabled_providers` in your `kilo.json`. This is useful to hide models from built-in or detected providers that you don't intend to use.

Author: ```suggestion
You can prevent specific providers from loading using `disabled_providers` in your `kilo.jsonc`. This is useful to hide models from built-in or detected providers that you don't intend to use.
```

```json
{
  "$schema": "https://app.kilo.ai/config.json",
  "disabled_providers": ["kilo", "openai"]
}
```

To allow only specific providers and disable everything else, use `enabled_providers` instead:

```json
{
  "$schema": "https://app.kilo.ai/config.json",
  "enabled_providers": ["anthropic"]
}
```

> Both fields accept provider IDs — the lowercase identifier used in the `provider/model` format (e.g. `anthropic`, `openai`, `google`, `groq`).

Author: ```suggestion
Both fields accept provider IDs — the lowercase identifier used in the `provider/model` format (e.g. `kilo`, `anthropic`, `openai`, `google`, `groq`).
```
